[TUTORIALS]: Content Review (#3018)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/create-wordpress-instances-cli/index.mdx

    scw instance server create type=PLAY2-NANO zone=fr-par-2 image=wordpress root-volume=b:20G name=wordpress-instance ip=new
    ```

>     You have created an Instance called `wordpress-instance` and an image called `wordpress`. The Instance information, such as the IP address, displays in the output of the comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You have created an Instance called `wordpress-instance` and an image called `wordpress`. The Instance information, such as the IP address, displays in the output returned.
```
